Packaged-By: Sven Luther <luther@debian.org>
Packaged-Date: Fri, 14 Dec 2001 12:44:03 +0100
Upstream-Author:
  Xavier Leroy,
  Damien Doligez,
  Jacques Garrigue,
  Nicolas Pouillard,
  Pierre Weis,
  Jérôme Vouillon,
  Maxence Guesdon,
  Alain Frisch
Original-Source-Location: http://caml.inria.fr/

Files: *
Copyright: © 1996-2008 Institut National de Recherche en Informatique et
                       en Automatique
License: QPL-1 | LGPL-2 | other

Files: emacs/*
Copyright: © 1988-1991 Free Software Foundation
           © 1996-1998 Institut National de Recherche en Informatique et
                       en Automatique
           © 1996 Ian T Zimmerman <itz@rahul.net>
License: GPL-2

Files: debian/*
Copyright: © 2001-2009 Debian OCaml Maintainers
License: LGPL-2

----------------------------------------------------------------------
In the following, "the Library" refers to all files marked "Copyright
INRIA" in the following directories and their sub-directories:

  asmrun, byterun, config, otherlibs, stdlib, win32caml

and "the Compiler" refers to all files marked "Copyright INRIA" in the
following directories and their sub-directories:

  asmcomp, boot, bytecomp, debugger, driver, lex, ocamldoc, parsing,
  tools, toplevel, typing, utils, yacc

and the "emacs bindings" refer to all files marked "Copyright INRIA" in
the following directory:

  emacs

The Compiler is distributed under the terms of the Q Public License
version 1.0 with a change to choice of law (included below).

The Library is distributed under the terms of the GNU Library General
Public License version 2 (found in /usr/share/common-licenses/LGPL-2
on debian systems).

The emacs bindings are distributed under the terms of the GNU General
Public License version 2 (found in /usr/share/common-licenses/GPL-2
on debian systems).

As a special exception to the Q Public Licence, you may develop
application programs, reusable components and other software items
that link with the original or modified versions of the Compiler
and are not made available to the general public, without any of the
additional requirements listed in clause 6c of the Q Public licence.

As a special exception to the GNU Library General Public License, you
may link, statically or dynamically, a "work that uses the Library"
with a publicly distributed version of the Library to produce an
executable file containing portions of the Library, and distribute
that executable file under terms of your choice, without any of the
additional requirements listed in clause 6 of the GNU Library General
Public License.  By "a publicly distributed version of the Library",
we mean either the unmodified Library as distributed by INRIA, or a
modified version of the Library that is distributed under the
conditions defined in clause 3 of the GNU Library General Public
License.  This exception does not however invalidate any other reasons
why the executable file might be covered by the GNU Library General
Public License.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

                   THE Q PUBLIC LICENSE version 1.0

              Copyright (C) 1999 Troll Tech AS, Norway.
                  Everyone is permitted to copy and
                  distribute this license document.

The intent of this license is to establish freedom to share and change
the software regulated by this license under the open source model.

This license applies to any software containing a notice placed by the
copyright holder saying that it may be distributed under the terms of
the Q Public License version 1.0. Such software is herein referred to
as the Software. This license covers modification and distribution of
the Software, use of third-party application programs based on the
Software, and development of free software which uses the Software.

                            Granted Rights

1. You are granted the non-exclusive rights set forth in this license
provided you agree to and comply with any and all conditions in this
license. Whole or partial distribution of the Software, or software
items that link with the Software, in any form signifies acceptance of
this license.

2. You may copy and distribute the Software in unmodified form
provided that the entire package, including - but not restricted to -
copyright, trademark notices and disclaimers, as released by the
initial developer of the Software, is distributed.

3. You may make modifications to the Software and distribute your
modifications, in a form that is separate from the Software, such as
patches. The following restrictions apply to modifications:

      a. Modifications must not alter or remove any copyright notices
      in the Software.

      b. When modifications to the Software are released under this
      license, a non-exclusive royalty-free right is granted to the
      initial developer of the Software to distribute your
      modification in future versions of the Software provided such
      versions remain available under these terms in addition to any
      other license(s) of the initial developer.

4. You may distribute machine-executable forms of the Software or
machine-executable forms of modified versions of the Software,
provided that you meet these restrictions:

      a. You must include this license document in the distribution.

      b. You must ensure that all recipients of the machine-executable
      forms are also able to receive the complete machine-readable
      source code to the distributed Software, including all
      modifications, without any charge beyond the costs of data
      transfer, and place prominent notices in the distribution
      explaining this.

      c. You must ensure that all modifications included in the
      machine-executable forms are available under the terms of this
      license.

5. You may use the original or modified versions of the Software to
compile, link and run application programs legally developed by you or
by others.

6. You may develop application programs, reusable components and other
software items that link with the original or modified versions of the
Software. These items, when distributed, are subject to the following
requirements:

      a. You must ensure that all recipients of machine-executable
      forms of these items are also able to receive and use the
      complete machine-readable source code to the items without any
      charge beyond the costs of data transfer.

      b. You must explicitly license all recipients of your items to
      use and re-distribute original and modified versions of the
      items in both machine-executable and source code forms. The
      recipients must be able to do so without any charges whatsoever,
      and they must be able to re-distribute to anyone they choose.

      c. If the items are not available to the general public, and the
      initial developer of the Software requests a copy of the items,
      then you must supply one.

                       Limitations of Liability

In no event shall the initial developers or copyright holders be
liable for any damages whatsoever, including - but not restricted to -
lost revenue or profits or other direct, indirect, special, incidental
or consequential damages, even if they have been advised of the
possibility of such damages, except to the extent invariable law, if
any, provides otherwise.

                             No Warranty

The Software and this license document are provided AS IS with NO
WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING THE WARRANTY OF DESIGN,
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

                            Choice of Law

This license is governed by the Laws of France.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
